Update old geowebcache.org links to geowebcache.osgeo.org (#1341)
GeoWebCache/geowebcache: documentation/en/user/source/production/index.rst

Resource Allocation
-------------------

> Also see <del>http://geowebcache.org/trac/wiki/resources</del> for tools that can be used to estimate how much storage you need and how long seeding will take

Author: I can't find an update for `/trac/wiki/resources`, so have chosen to strike this out until it can be found.

Reviewer: I do not think we are going to find that one! But the internet remembers:

http://web.archive.org/web/20100326130953/http://geowebcache.org/trac/wiki/resources

The spreadsheet is lost to time but I added the table to our wiki here https://github.com/GeoWebCache/geowebcache/wiki/Estimating-the-number-of-tiles-and-size-on-disk

Author: Wow, thank you!

> Also see <del>http://geowebcache.org/trac/wiki/resources</del> for tools that can be used to estimate how much storage you need and how long seeding will take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also see https://github.com/GeoWebCache/geowebcache/wiki/Estimating-the-number-of-tiles-and-size-on-disk for table that can be used to estimate how much storage you need and how long seeding will take
```
